Add Aer install instructions to documentation (#1137)
Qiskit/qiskit-experiments: docs/manuals/verification/state_tomography.rst

Quantum State Tomography
========================

Quantum tomography is an experimental procedure to reconstruct a description of

> part of quantum system from the measurement outcomes of a specific set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part of a quantum system from the measurement outcomes of a specific set of
```

> experiments. In particular, quantum state tomography makes measurements on many
> copies of a state, obtained by preparing a system using a defined preparation
> circuit, with the goal of reconstructing the density matrix of the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experiments. In particular, quantum state tomography reconstructs the density matrix
of a quantum state by preparing the state many times and measuring them in a tomographically 
complete basis of measurement operators.
```
